# Outspoke.in

The explosion of TED talks, Meetup.com groups and conferences has given rise to a new generation of speakers and content curators. The works of these thought leaders and event organizers have inspired us to transform our communities, our careers and ourselves. Many of these efforts can be viewed online or experienced at a local neighborhood venue. But as transcendent as these experiences may be, discovery and curation of the voices that empower them can be challenging.

Finding the talent capable of delivering compelling talks or presentations on a given subject matter is really hard. There is no single platform dedicated to discovering speakers and thought leaders. Conference curators and meetup organizers must attend events, scour the internet or leverage their networks in order to discover, vet and coordinate the speakers they need for their gatherings. As a result, and in spite of the enormous effort used to find talent, many event panels and talks feature the same faces because the avenues to find new and diverse voices are quite narrow. Having speakers that span the spectrum of diversity and representation is a critical aspect of the curation process, but when pressed for time, organizers often find themselves circling back to the same sources they have always relied on, which can be limited.

For this, and many other reasons, we have begun the process of creating a dedicated platform for speakers, curators and enthusiasts. This yet to be named platform will be an open market where organizers can discover and vet potential speakers and panelists. Most importantly, it will be optimized for those socially conscious curators who are passionate about diversity and inclusion. This talent search engine will allow speakers the ability to showcase themselves while providing robust search capabilities for curators. For speakers, the platform will lend itself as a space for them to showcase their topics of interest, while improving their skills through community feedback and developing a network for potential conference speaking opportunities previously unavailable to them.

While we have just begun this process, we know in order for it to succeed we must gather many opinions and outside perspectives along the way. If you feel like you could be of assistance, we'd love your help.
